Add docs for placement rules in SQL (#6618)
pingcap/docs: schedule-replicas-by-topology-labels.md

# Schedule Replicas by Topology Labels

> **Note:**
>

> > TiDB 5.3 introduces experimental support for [Placement Rules in SQL](/placement-rules.md). This offers a more convenient way to configure the placement of tables and partitions. Placement Rules in SQL is expected to replace placement configuration with PD in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TiDB v5.3.0 introduces an experimental support for [Placement Rules in SQL](/placement-rules.md). This offers a more convenient way to configure the placement of tables and partitions. Placement Rules in SQL might replace placement configuration with PD in future releases.
```
